Charge to 200.
- Clear. - Clear.
You better not die.
If you die, I swear you're done.
Jun Hyeon.
Jun Hyeon, you okay?
Chairman Kang...
What about Chairman Kang?
Honey!
[Shutting down the system] March 6, 2026
[Kang Yong Ho] 8:42 PM.
Patient Kang Yong Ho has passed away.
Mom.
Bang Geul.
How could this happen to your poor father?
Don't do this.
My dad isn't dead.
Dad.
I'm here.
Open your eyes.
Your youngest is here.
Please open your eyes.
Why are you giving up already? Do more!
Do whatever you can!
Put him on life support!
You have to save him somehow!
Show some respect for the dead.
This doesn't concern you.
Mom!
Over here!
Mom.
We have breaking news.
This is the news of Chairman Kang Yong Ho's passing.
Kang Yong Ho, a legend of Korea's economy, has died today.
Chairman Kang remained
[Il Jun's Dad] unconscious for an extended period
and continued treatment, but...
Out of the way, you punk!
How...
How could you do this?
Your own father...
You killed him with your own hands!
So you finally went through with it.
Even with blood on both your hands, sitting in that seat makes it all worth it?
Don't you have any shame in front of our father?
Instead of blaming me, read the room.
Thanks to you teaming up with Bang Geul
And pinning the slush fund on Father,
All of Choiseong is about to take the hit.
What?
You really didn't see this coming when you sold him out?
The ones getting torn apart in his place are you and me.
If you want to stay standing, cut the dead weight now.
The ones Father will drag down with him from the grave are not us.
It's Mrs. Jo and Bang Geul.
You really are...
Are you just going to let everything with the Choiseong name fall apart?
So you killed our father?
Just to save yourself?
You know.
Do whatever it takes to protect Choiseong.
I'm following Father's command like it's gospel.
Everything we've built, it's all because of him.
Act like yourself.
Use Bang Geul.
We'll play the pitiful kids of the first wife,
The ones almost robbed blind by the mistress's scheme.
Otherwise,
Our whole lives spent fighting for Choiseong would be too pathetic.
We have to hold on to what's ours, Jae Seong.
Stop tormenting me, Father!
You ruled the world long enough, didn't you?
How long are you going to block my path?
What's still holding you here?
Should I... end it for you?
Who are you?
He's out.
Is the cause of death confirmed?
Is the cause of death officially natural?
What is your plan now?
Did his condition suddenly worsen?
There were reports his condition was improving. Is that true?
The patient remained comatose for about two months,
And despite various treatments,
He passed away a short while ago.
I heard he briefly regained consciousness.
Was there a reason his condition deteriorated so suddenly?
Was there truly no chance of recovery?
What exactly was the cause of death?
Was there a complication during treatment?
It's President Kang Jae Gyeong!
Please give us a word.
Where is President Kang Jae Seong?
Ma'am, where is President Kang Jae Seong?
How are you holding up?
How are you doing right now?
Excuse me, please.
This man
Did everything he could as the attending physician.
Please refrain from speculation and let the deceased rest in peace...
That's all we ask.
Are you switching to emergency management?
Will there be an official statement?
Even your tears are calculated.
You hated me so much
You'd use my death too?
What was I to you,
Jae Gyeong?
[SOS! Need emergency help]
[Stadium]
[Heo Ok Sun]
Where are you?
Heo Ok Sun!
Please answer me!
No!
You okay?
Wake up.
Open your eyes!
Grandma, your grandson is here!
Hwang Jun Hyeon is here!
Please...
Please open your eyes, please!
My...
My boy...
You came?
Why are you out here?
You almost got hurt.
Did you eat?
Did my boy eat?
I'm sorry.
I'm the one who should die.
I'm so sorry.
It's okay.
My boy.
I'm sorry.
[Hwang Jun Hyeon]
Ok Sun!
I'm late! I'm skipping breakfast!
No.
Come on, just one bite.
It's galbitang, your favorite.
But I'm really running late.
There you go.
- I'm out for real. - Okay.
I'll be home late. Night practice.
Okay. Don't get hurt out there.
Kick that ball hard and score a bunch!
- Go get them! - Go get them!
Okay.
Turn.
That's it!
Nice one.
Jun Hyeon!
Jun Hyeon, come here.
Come and get it. Have some food.
Come here.
Thank you for the meal.
- This looks so good. - Here, take this.
Pass it around. Make sure he gets one.
[Hwang Jun Hyeon]
Now I understand why you wrote Choiseong Group
On that blank check.
I finally get it...
[Kang Yong Ho]
This was your doing, wasn't it?
How can you be so cruel?
He was your father.
The man who gave you life.
And you played the doting mother all this time?
If you'd just handed me the company back then, he wouldn't have gone out like this.
Dad would never just die out of nowhere.
The hospital CCTV going down right then was strange.
And someone saw you walk out of his room last.
Jae Gyeong, did you really... do this to your father?
Is that true?
Would you believe me if I said no?
I'm getting an autopsy.
I'll uncover the real cause.
Do whatever you want.
But...
Let's call it even for last time.
You're going to pay for today, big time.
Where are you going?
Stop right there!
Kang Jae Gyeong!
Move.
Move aside.
Just watch.
I won't let my dad's death be for nothing.
[Audit Team Leader Jo Haeng Mun]
Did you find it?
There's nothing like camera footage.
Nothing at all?
The hospital CCTV going down right then was strange.
And someone saw you walk out of his room last.
If not them...
- What about the seal and bankbook? - I have them.
Jo Seon Hee, Kang Bang Geul.
[Title Deed] I have property documents
Under both their names too, so we have plenty to work with.
We're out of time, so handle it fast.
Yes.
The board and executives are all waiting.
Tell legal to come up too.
The timing has to match the will.
Yes.
[Kang Yong Ho]
Dad, aren't you sad?
Grandpa just died.
My parents don't really seem sad either.
Weird, isn't it?
Maybe they're all guilty of something.
Take the kids to the car.
Why bring that up in front of the kids?
You sided with Bang Geul and threw your father under the bus.
Who's the one who never visited me once?
Did your father tell you to do that?
Don't tell me you still suspect my father.
You were tailing him the day you kidnapped Jae Gyeong.
You know that started all this, right?
That was...
I was worried she'd jump ship to Taeha.
Your father bought into the hydrogen deal because she sweet-talked him, right?
She wouldn't have sold it cheap.
How would I know?
I stay out of business.
And you walking out of the prosecutor's office, I figured Jae Gyeong pulled some strings.
Part of me wondered
If your father teamed up with Jae Gyeong and cut me loose.
I was so hurt.
I got out because I'm clean.
Don't worry.
I can't stand Jae Gyeong either.
You here to pick a fight?
If you're not here to mourn, stop making a scene and leave.
I get you didn't spend much time with him, but show some grief.
Not a single tear?
You think crying brings Dad back?
Now I know for sure.
You really are her flesh and blood.
I'm done treating you like family.
You...
- Seriously... - Get out.
Dad wouldn't want to see you either. So get lost.
You're completely off the rails now.
Let's go.
She's not worth it.
Move.
I'm not sure we should skip the wake.
You think I like it?
But someone has to handle the fallout.
You all know how he was.
[Seo Shin Woo] [Park Gi Mok] Never once touched a dirty won.
The real thief is obviously someone else.
Whether it's Jae Seong or Jae Gyeong, we need to trace that slush fund...
We absolutely will.
Punishment included.
I'd like to know myself.
Who siphoned 300 billion out of Trading,
And why Choiseong is the one paying for it.
We'll run a full internal audit, then escalate to the prosecutors.
Suspect me too, by all means.
Jae Seong, Jo Seon Hee, Kang Bang Geul, Lee Sang Jae.
None of them are above suspicion.
If I'm linked to so much as ten won of it,
I'll step down as Chemicals president and waive my entire inheritance.
I won't deserve to lead Choiseong.
I'm staking everything on this.
We'll root it out.
What about the hospital footage?
It's being handled as instructed.
But...
Professor Min handed in his resignation.
Where is he now?
Don't tell me you bugged Father's room...
You're home early.
I figured you'd be swamped.
What is all this?
And what happened at the hospital?
We agreed on the sabbatical.
I gave it some thought.
Didn't really see the point.
What?
I think I'll live as the Choiseong chairwoman's husband.
I've earned that much, haven't I?
Honestly, I feel better this way.
Code Blue, Neurosurgery.
Code Blue.
All Neurosurgery staff, report to the VIP ICU immediately.
Defibrillator!
Move!
200 joules.
Prep the ECMO, now!
I've done my fair share.
Congrats, honey.
You got everything you wanted.
Nothing left but happy days for us.
You mean that?
Of course.
Your dad's burial isn't even over. We need to lay low.
Can't have any noise spoiling the good news.
You held up well in there.
- Take me to the wake. - I can't.
I need to check on Mrs. Jo.
She must be falling apart.
No, listen. Jun Hyeon
Made me promise to keep you far away from there.
He said you have to stand opposite Chairman Kang now.
One slip,
And every bit of testimony against him could be thrown out.
But how can we not go? Right?
Let's just go. I'll get you there safe.
Do what Jun Hyeon says.
No one's hurting more right now than that kid.
[Kang Yong Ho]
What are you doing here?
You said you'd fight to the end.
[Hwang Jun Hyeon]
I owe you an apology for wrecking your life.
Why...
[Hwang Jun Hyeon]
I knew my own child tried to kill you,
But I wanted my life back so badly
That I looked the other way.
All I cared about was protecting Choiseong,
And it brought you to this.
I failed as a father.
I failed as a man.
A worthless old man like me
Got you killed.
I'm truly sorry.
Truly...
Sorry.
I'll set everything right.
And your grandmother,
Don't you worry about her.
We're living here from now on.
No more cooking, no more cleaning.
From now on, just call down for whatever you need.
Where's my boy?
Where's our Jun Hyeon?
Jun Hyeon!
Where are you?
Where's my boy?
Jun Hyeon!
Get a hold of yourself!
Just take it easy and relax here.
I want to go home.
Take me to Jun Hyeon.
Okay.
Let's go to Aejeong-dong.
Yeah?
Sit down. I'll take a photo of both of you.
Sit.
It's my grandson.
So handsome.
Well, look who it is.
Been a while.
Come around more often.
Thank you.
Four extra on the house.
Four.
Nobody's ever gotten me flowers before.
Enjoy.
I told you we would eat at home.
We already bought all these groceries.
Take a break.
Cooking every day wears you out.
Feeding my boy? That is not work.
That's my joy.
Buying you things is mine.
I tried this before and I keep thinking about how good it was.
Try some.
It's delicious.
Nice kick.
Go on, eat up.
Cleaning mode, activated.
This is for your bones.
Take one pill twice a day, morning and night.
This is for diabetes.
Your fasting sugar runs high so take one at night.
Blood pressure pill, first thing when you wake up.
I'll be too full to eat.
Am I some terminal patient?
That thing they say...
Only smooth sailing from here.
Sweetie, something wrong?
[Kang Bang Geul]
It's been ringing. Pick up.
Hello?
Dad...
You couldn't even let me buy you one bowl of soup
Before going?
I wanted you to pour me a shot of soju.
You never once looked at me with any warmth,
Never reached out to me first.
I am just as good as my brother and sister.
I grew up just as strong,
And I came back so you would finally see me.
Why did you leave so fast?
Why?
Dad.
Don't ever cry over your old man again.
I'm sorry, Bang Geul.
Who gave you permission to cremate him?
I never agreed to this!
I did.
The eldest son agreed. That's all it takes.
Outsiders do not get a say.
Mom is legally Dad's wife and I am his daughter too.
What are you hiding that you cremated him behind our backs?
What do we have to hide?
Like Seok Do said, he died from the long coma. Isn't that right?
She thinks I killed him.
Maybe I should've cut him open for an autopsy.
- Jae Gyeong! - That's enough.
The kids are here.
Attorney Yeom.
Let's begin the reading of the will.
[The Will] I will now read
The last will and testament of Chairman Kang Yong Ho.
The Nonhyeon-dong building, the Bundang and Pangyo land
Go to his spouse, Jo Seon Hee.
To his eldest son, Kang Jae Seong,
The Cheongdam-dong and Yangjae-dong buildings and the Jeju Choiseong site.
To his eldest daughter, Kang Jae Gyeong,
The Samseong-dong building, Pyeongchang-dong residence, and Hawaii villa.
To his second daughter, Kang Bang Geul,
The Sinsa-dong property and New York building.
To his daughter-in-law, Na Eun Se, the Seongbuk-dong building and Miami villa.
To his son-in-law, Min Seok Do, the Yangpyeong golf course and resort.
And to his grandchildren, Min Il Jun and Kang Yi Jun,
One percent each of Choiseong Group shares.
All remaining assets go to the next chairman.
Only the next chairman counts as family?
The lion's share went to the wrong person.
Congratulations.
Quite the retirement package you walked away with.
Watch your mouth.
You might want to hold off on the celebration.
Jo Seon Hee?
We're with the prosecutor's office.
You'll need to come with us regarding the Choiseong Trading slush fund.
Mom.
A slush fund?
What are you talking about?
We have evidence linking you to Chairman Kang's slush fund operation.
We're executing the arrest warrant.
[Arrest warrant] You have the right to remain silent.
Anything you say can and will be used against you in court.
Wait, this is some kind of mistake.
This is a mistake.
Mom.
- What is this? - I'm fine.
She'll walk if she's innocent, like I did.
Nothing to worry about.
So, this is the debt you were talking about?
There's a price for selling out our father.
Find yourself a lawyer.
No money for one though, right?
Your assets, your mother's assets, everything Dad left you, all getting seized.
Slush fund. Restitution.
You fabricated all of this. None of it is real!
You and your mother were the fake ones from the start.
We were never really family.
Hey, Kang Jae Gyeong!
Don't you dare say her name like that.
I'm the one who should be glaring.
Being linked to you has been nothing but bad luck.
So stop dragging your feet and get out!
Fine.
Once an outsider, always an outsider.
The lifelong tumor will remove itself.
Enjoy your miserable little lives in this house.
Even until the very end...
Finally, the rotten tooth is out.
While we're at it, why don't you be my big sister?
During the investigation,
All your personal assets and inheritance from Mr. Kang will be seized.
If the charges hold, every cent will be forfeited.
Take it all.
I do not want any of it.
Are you admitting Mr. Kang's slush fund money
Was funneled to you?
Yes.
I did all of it.
My husband had nothing to do with any of it.
I moved the money myself.
So put me away.
Lock me up.
Mom's seal...
And bankbook are gone. I think Jae Gyeong took them.
What do I do?
I'm headed to the prosecutor's office with the legal team.
Try not to worry.
Thank you.
Keep me posted.
[Hwang Jun Hyeon]
The number you have reached is not available...
Why isn't he picking up?
Let my mom go right now, or you and Jae Gyeong...
Quiet.
Someone will hear you.
Jae Gyeong has lost her mind.
She crossed every line.
Your mom running a slush fund?
She never even dared to act rich, always walking on eggshells around us.
Yeah, right.
What are you trying to pull?
Turns out I'm a better actor than I thought.
Kang Bang Geul.
I'm sorry.
I know.
You're wondering what crazy stunt I'm pulling this time.
But this is the only way to fool that witch Jae Gyeong.
You think I'm falling for that again?
I mean it.
I swore on Dad's grave.
From now on, my only sister is you.
And I owe you years of being a real brother.
I'll bring Jae Gyeong to her knees in front of you.
No.
I'm the one bringing her down at Dad's grave.
And you with her.
Yeah.
I deserve to pay too.
After I find out what deal Jae Gyeong made with Taeha.
You felt something was off between them as well, right?
Trust your big brother.
So here's the thing.
I have to play rough in front of people.
- What? - Contempt and disrespect,
Scorn and condescension are the baseline.
I'll stick to Jae Gyeong like a leech and make your life miserable.
You have to fool yourself to fool anyone else.
Think of it as mind control.
Got it?
That's a fancy way of saying you'll act like you always do.
I knew it.
You really are something.
I like that attitude.
Use this to find a place.
Living somewhere else is safer all around.
That's enough sentiment.
Jae Gyeong is taking over as Chairman today.
What are you talking about?
An emergency board meeting was called.
At this hour?
[Emergency Board Meeting 2026: Chairman Inauguration]
Have a seat.
Please support my father.
The pleasure is all mine.
It's all theater.
The outcome is already decided.
From here on out, Jae Gyeong rules everything.
I'll lead Choiseong so none of you ever regret choosing me.
Stand with me.
[Choiseong Group 3rd Chairman Kang Jae Gyeong Inauguration]
[Choiseong: Leading the Future of Innovation]
The funeral was just days ago, and we already have an inauguration?
The stars are aligning for her.
This has Jae Gyeong written all over it, doesn't it?
What about Hwang Jun Hyeon?
I stopped by his place on the way.
They said he went to work.
But he's not at the office either.
[Hwang Jun Hyeon] He's dodging my calls at this point, right?
Did something actually happen to him?
What is it now?
Do you admit to the Choiseong Trading slush fund charges?
Did you act alone?
We have to trust Director Lee and the legal team.
That's all we can do right now.
No.
There's another way to stop Kang Jae Gyeong.
The Chairman is on her way up.
[Chairman Kang Jae Gyeong]
Chairman...
Kang Jae Gyeong.
Chairman Kang Jae Gyeong.
[Chairman Kang Jae Gyeong]
You should've brought flowers for an occasion like this.
Showing up empty-handed is rude.
Then again, you'll be unemployed soon.
Save every penny.
Secretary Yeo, where's the inauguration speech?
It's ready, Chairman.
I'll give it to you.
The Choiseong Solutions shares you want.
My entire... 15%.
Drop the charges against my mother and leave her alone.
You're a devoted daughter, just like someone said.
[Assignor: Casey Kang]
I'm sorry, Jun Hyeon.
This is the only way to save my mom.
You'd better keep your word.
The arrest warrant will be dismissed.
Are you staying... for my inauguration?
Of course.
You're the Chairman I'll be serving.
After such a brief mourning, some may look at us
With judgment in their eyes.
I'll carry all of that.
Protecting you, protecting Choiseong, that's my job now.
Choiseong will never bow its head again.
Starting today, Choiseong changes.
Innovation alone isn't enough. We need a real breakthrough.
From A to Z at Choiseong,
The core team that will draw the blueprint with me
Is what I'm establishing as the Future Business Team.
Allow me to introduce the head of the Future Business Team,
Choiseong's control tower, Hwang Jun Hyeon.
That son of a bitch.
[Chairman Kang Jae Gyeong's Inauguration]
Hello.
I'm Hwang Jun Hyeon, head of the Future Business Team.
Looking forward to working with you all.
I'm not interested in your surprises anymore.
I know.
I've been overstepping this whole time.
You said you'd never take my hand, and now you're here to apologize?
Honestly, I wanted revenge on you for destroying my soccer career.
Using Kang Bang Geul.
But after Chairman Kang died, I saw it clearly.
Who you really are. The kind of power you hold.
That's what brought me here.
I already have Choiseong.
Sorry to say.
I'll give you what you want.
Half of Smile's stake in Choiseong Solutions.
The more I think about it,
[Kang Bang Geul] my partner is just too unreliable.
I want to start over with a real partner.
That makes me worth having now, doesn't it?
You're handing me her shares?
I need something in my hands too, to stay motivated.
And if we're tied together by equity, won't that make us closer?
How do you plan to pry shares out of her when she's that furious?
Use her mom.
Hit someone where they're weakest, and they'll cave and hand it right over.
Yeah, trust me.
Let's go all the way down to the bottom together, Jae Gyeong.
Choiseong will operate strictly on merit-based personnel decisions,
And we'll move toward a new generation of Choiseong
Where the second and third Hwang Jun Hyeons can emerge.
She just lost her key man. Must've hit her hard.
She should be grateful she wasn't fired.
Hey.
Are you all right?
Hwang Jun Hyeon...
What the hell are you up to?
[Strategic Planning]
[Future Business Team]
This is too cramped.
I told you to take the room next to mine.
Isn't there fun in climbing up?
This is just right.
Team Leader Jo from Audit will join immediately,
And I'll leave the rest of the hires to you.
Explain.
Whatever the hell this situation is, explain it so I can understand.
What's there to understand?
It's exactly what it looks like.
Right.
You must be in shock too.
You must feel awful about me.
But even so, this isn't us.
Us? What's "us"?
- What? - Whatever I decide, whoever I work for,
What does any of it have to do with you?
"You"?
This is all we ran toward to end up here?
What about your promise?
You said you'd protect Choiseong, and clear my dad.
You know my sister killed my dad.
Don't throw that around without proof.
You think I'm dumb enough to go down on a sinking ship with you?
What I need with my whole future ahead of me
Is a capable partner who can pull me up.
Looks like you haven't heard yet.
Your team's been reassigned with Director Lee, so go pack your things.
Honestly, even better if you leave Choiseong altogether.
Let's head to the meeting, Chairman.
You're a devoted daughter, just like someone said.
Don't tell me you're the one who made me sign over my shares.
You're the reason my mom got arrested?
Don't blame me.
You're the one with no power to protect anything.
Fine, get out.
Who's scared without you?
Why would I leave?
I'm staying right here, no matter what.
I'm sticking around. I'm not going anywhere.
I'll watch you all go down!
Aren't you trying a bit too hard in front of me?
You've got a public image to maintain. Watch your timing.
She won't last long.
You know... how she is.
You would know her better.
Thanks to you, they are coughing up the slush fund and back taxes.
Looks like your wish came true.
They're getting kicked out with nothing.
How did you know?
That was my wish.
[Strategic Planning Dissolved, Executive Contingency Team Realignment]
[Personnel Appointments]
[Lee Sang Jae, Park Bong Gi, Kang Bang Geul]
What? What was that?
Here we are.
Didn't know our company had a place like this.
[The Executive Contingency Team]
They want us to work here?
Feels like a hideout. I like it.
This is heavy.
See that?
Should I shake it?
- Right here. - Okay.
Do mice like cheese?
They do.
Really?
You think this'll scare me off?
Dream on. You have no idea what I've survived.
Let's see who comes out on top.
This is Hwang Jun Hyeon, head of our new Future Business Team.
Say hello.
I look forward to learning from all of you.
With Choiseong Solutions' solid-state battery heading to market,
We're building a pipeline at the battery lab.
Testing schedules are in the works.
From now on,
The Future Business Team will lead
Much of what the Chairman handled.
Seeing it up close, giving this to Taeha feels like a waste.
Chairman.
That was a tough call.
How are things progressing?
The hydrogen plant is being handed to Taeha Group.
Only the Daesan research complex transfer remains.
You don't just give this away.
Tell the tech team to tighten security.
Core tech files have restricted access.
The security codes rotate every time.
There's nothing to worry about.
How do you know all that?
I learned it while reviewing Choiseong's key operations.
The upgrade was ordered by Chairman Kang Yong Ho.
Anyone watching would think you run the place alone.
Don't you agree?
Tell me about it.
I'll see the Daesan hydrogen complex through to the end.
Aren't you building me up too much from the start?
The daggers in my back are sharp already.
You exceed every expectation.
Why keep that to myself?
She's planting enemies to keep tabs on me.
Easy to cut me loose if needed.
Still don't trust me completely?
Chairman.
You have a guest.
[Chairman Kang Jae Gyeong]
What brings you here?
The funeral was an awkward situation, so I couldn't make it,
But your inauguration deserves a proper congratulations.
A four-hundred-year-old juniper.
[Taeha Group Chairman Na Byeong Mo] I had them pick out the best one.
Yes.
I'll take good care of it.
The form is beautiful.
But this is an aged pine.
Usually people give a young tree so it grows alongside you.
He must be telling our Chairman to weather life's storms and trials like this old pine.
You manage to startle me every time we meet.
Have you two met before?
Hwang Jun Hyeon, Future Business Team Lead.
Why do you always play dirty?
You'll find out soon, Chairman Na.
Your arrogance was through the roof back then too.
A man who just kicked a ball went from Bang Geul to Jae Gyeong.
You must have quite the talent.
Talent? Please.
I don't have a single business degree.
I just work hard, like you, Chairman Na.
You started throwing fists in Myeong-dong's back alleys
And rose to lead a whole group.
Maybe because I came up using my body too, I learn a lot watching you.
He isn't great with words.
Please overlook it, Chairman.
The hydrogen business.
Doesn't Jae Seong resent you for handing it to Taeha?
Resent me?
He thanks me daily just for keeping his position.
But ever since becoming Chairman, your math has gone soft.
You shouldn't still be sitting on the Daesan hydrogen complex.
The final payment from Taeha hasn't come in yet.
Neither has what you owe me.
Three hundred billion for the sale, plus a hundred off the books.
Secretary Jo will launder it clean.
I can't tell if you haven't finished wrapping it,
Or you just don't want to give the gift.
[Chairman Kang Jae Gyeong] You don't actually think
You're sitting in that seat alone, do you?
I don't recall letting just anyone pull up a chair.
I hope... you stay in that seat for a very long time.
I mean it.
Thank you.
I'll see you out.
The fact that Jae Gyeong took him in means he isn't ordinary.
Watch yourself.
The nail that sticks out gets hammered down.
Do you still visit Yetgol at the foot of Bukhansan?
Their pajeon is incredible, isn't it?
Have you already been digging into me?
I've served two masters already.
Why not a third?
Reach out anytime.
I'd love to swing by Taeha sometime.
Mrs. Jo was just released.
Why did you do it?
Bang Geul thinks you handed the Smile shares to Jae Gyeong
And put Mrs. Jo behind bars.
She's furious.
I cleaned out the safe in the Chairman's office.
This should be enough to settle in the States for a few years.
Get Bang Geul and her mother to America as soon as possible.
You finally have them close to you again.
And you want them shipped back to the States?
I can't do it.
And Bang Geul won't go either.
I'll force them out of Choiseong.
You take responsibility and get them out.
- Sir. - She found the hospital room camera.
She'll keep suspecting those two.
There's no telling what could happen if they stay.
Someone who killed her own father is capable of anything.
Where are they... right now?
This is how you eat them.
It's strange Jae Gyeong let me go so suddenly.
Are you sure nothing happened?
Did you trade your life to her?
No.
I made a big show of threatening her, and she backed right down.
The trial will continue with you out on bail.
We have to expose everything before then.
Father's innocence, and Jae Gyeong's crimes.
Seok Do looked off.
He definitely knows something.
Seok Do, that bastard.
We need sikhye.
Stay here. I'll grab some quick.
How can you sleep in a place like this?
These women have no fear.
She can't sleep on hard surfaces.
Seon Hee...
Look how pale she is.
Hey, you pervert!
Mom, are you okay?
Have you got nothing better to do than creep on women?
- Hey, you pervert! - Don't go.
- Don't go. It's dangerous. - No.
Scum like that needs a beating.
Then we go together.
We do everything together.
No, no.
Mom.
Were you quite the fighter back then?
For my child, I'd do anything.
Mom.
Don't worry.
I won't get hurt.
Not a chance.
[Rent]
Where do you want to live, Mom?
[Rent: 800K, Deposit: 20M] How about here?
The rent's too high.
Anywhere cheaper?
Hold on.
Actually, I had one place in mind.
Kicking her own father like that.
What? Ok Sun, don't tell me you cooked.
I told you to stay out of the kitchen.
Honestly.
Hey, traitor.
At least you know what you are.
What?
What are you doing here?
I moved in.
Thanks to someone, I got kicked out.
Why move here of all places?
Aejeong-dong was the cheapest.
Fresh air, killer view.
And someone I'd love to kill.
Hey. Come eat.
Yes, ma'am.
Move.
What?
Nice landing.
Looking forward to it, you jerk of a neighbor.
You know what they call us, right?
Ex-Con Team.
As promised, I'll have them on a flight to the States by month's end.
This isn't hard at all.
Word is spreading.
They're saying Jae Gyeong killed her father.
The CCTV was down for a security check.
Where is he now?
He named a huge price and vanished?
Find him fast.
So someone else suspects Jae Gyeong too.
And there's hospital CCTV from the day Father died.
Jae Gyeong is finished.
The whole world suspects me now?
Are you hiding something from me?
There was one more person that day.